Water Drink Reminder Privacy Notice
Welcome to Water Drink Reminder, displayed via the mobile application and online on the internet (together, the “Service”) owned by Yunteam. By signing this document when first accessing our Service, you actively consent to this Privacy Notice. 
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE
In general.                 
If you consent thereto, we collect personal information from you in order to provide you with a personalized, useful and efficient experience, and also for advertising purposes. However, it is possible to enter into the Terms of Use Agreement with Yunteam without the provision of the belowmentioned personal information, in which case you may still access and use the core functionality of the Water Drink Reminder . However, certain features may not be available to you as they require personal information input to function and the overall effectiveness of the Water Drink Reminder may deteriorate. Depending on your settings, the categories of information we collect include the categories of personal information as explained under ‘further information’.
1.1 Usage information collected automatically
Collection: We, and our third party partners, automatically collect certain types of usage information when you use our Service, read our emails, or communicate with us. We typically collect this information through a variety of technologies, including cookies, pixels, SDKs, web beacons, file information and similar technology.
For example, we collect information about your device and its software and about the way you use the Service, such as the type of device, physical dimension, division ratio, CPU type, memory capacity, operating system version, version of Water Drink Reminder when using Water Drink Reminder, crash information (such as defects that occurred), and unique ID for each Water Drink Reminder installed. 
We do not permit third party online advertising networks to collect information about your use of our Service over time so that they may play or display advertising on our Service, on other devices you may use, neither on other websites, apps or services.
Aim: We may use the data collected through these technologies to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information, including advertising presented by the Yunteam group; (c) identify you across multiple devices; (d) ensure and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (e) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our Service for generating statistics (f) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (g) otherwise to plan for and enhance our Service.
2. SHARING INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with any organisation part of the Yunteam group (at present or in the future), or with third parties (i) at your request, (ii) where they are subcontractors or advertisers, (iii) to comply with legislation, to carry out a contract with the user or to defend Yunteam against any type of harm. Please find an elaborate explanation under further information. 
We transfer your personal information outside of the European Union, in order to be able to provide our users with the Service. The personal information may be transferred to countries which provide an adequate level of protection or, where this is not the case, we ensure appropriate safeguards are in place. Please refer to section 8 in order to obtain a copy of these safeguards.
For more information on your choices regarding your information, see section 4 - Your Choices Regarding Your Information below.
We may share your personal information with:
a. Third parties at your request. For example, you may have the option to share your activities on the Service with your friends through email, text or on various social media sites;
b. The Yunteam group. This includes other brands owned or controlled by Yunteam and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Yunteam, which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Privacy Notice;
c. Subcontractors. This includes third party vendors, consultants and other service providers that perform services on our behalf, in order to carry out their work for us, which may include identifying and serving targeted advertisements, content or service fulfilment, assisting with voice recognition technology, or providing analytics services;
d. Future parties to the Yunteam group. Other parties in connection with any company transaction, such as a merger, sale of all or a portion of company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third party or in the event of bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings; and
e. Third parties as required to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoena/court order, legal process or other government request, (ii) enforce our Terms of Use Agreement, including the investigation of potential violations thereof, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations, (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Yunteam, its users or the public as required or permitted by law and (v) detect, prevent or otherwise address criminal (including fraud or stalking), security or technical issues.
3. YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
3.1. Data Retention
Unless stated otherwise in section 1 for a specific category of personal information, we will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you the Service and for thirty days thereafter for the purpose of further improving our technology and Service, after which the personal information will be deleted or anonymised. 
3.2. Access to your Device Information
You may control the Service’s access to your device information through your "Settings" app on your device. For instance, you can withdraw permission for the Service to access your microphone, photo stream and camera roll. 
3.3. Your rights
In as far as imposed by applicable laws, you have the right to request access to, rectification or erasure of or restriction of processing of your personal information. Besides, you may be entitled to object to the processing of your personal information or to request data portability. Please contact us at john58195@gmail.com if you wish to exercise your rights. Please be aware that we will not be able to delete any content you have shared with other users, with third parties or with social media sites. 
Please note that you have at any time the right to withdraw your consent for the processing of your personal information. To do so, please follow the following instructions: Turn off the "Share personal information" switch in Settings - User Experience Program. Once you have withdrawn your consent to share personal information with us, you may still access and use the core functionality of the Water Drink Reminder , but certain features may not be available to you as they require personal information input to function and the overall effectiveness of the Water Drink Reminder may deteriorate.
You have the right to lodge a complaint regarding the processing performed by Yunteam with a supervisory authority. 
4. SECURITY AND STORAGE OF INFORMATION
Yunteam cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect and that we share with our service providers. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
5. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Service may contain links to and from third party websites of our business partners, advertisers, social media sites, and our users may post links to third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy notices and policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. Please check the individual policies before you submit any information to those websites. 
6. UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Notice from time to time. If we make any changes to this Privacy Notice, we will change the "Last Revision" date below and will post the updated Privacy Notice on this page. However, in case the modifications are significant, we will provide you with a more prominent notice. Continuing to use our Service after we publish changes to this Privacy Notice means that you are consenting to the changes, unless if the modification would reduce your rights. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Notice without asking for your consent. 
7. CONTACTING US
If you have questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us at jhon58195@gmail.com.
8. LAST REVISION DATE
This Privacy Notice was last revised on, and effective as of, July 1, 2019.

